[Music]
with friends mm-hmm start the game start
the game let's hit the gas let me have
fun let me have let's go what's that I
don't know I think it was sort of a
Christmas song better than the rest of
it I thought it was actually thanks man
I really do care about that kind of
stuff but you a couple of my beautiful
little songbird you know yeah will you
come with me I mean you call me the
little song out of your life you know I
was gonna kill my family but then I
heard your beautiful little voice and I
thought you know what they get to live
Laila's get a mr. anime
it's mr. anime his family until you hear
my beautiful songbird no it's fly into
his eardrums but it was there a guy that
killed his family named mr. anime he
surprised you know about the fable yeah
the mystery this rate of media tales
yeah I feel like that's the biggest
warning sign you could possibly busy he
was a youtuber character he ended up
Killians whole family and I think he
regretted I think he felt sad about it
but he was lying apology video where it
goes I think I think it was just sort of
implied I think in the night when one
coin says I should have done something
it said you know it you know you make
mistakes like that these evil zombies
aren't gonna kill themselves yeah that's
the audience isn't getting to see any of
this fun we're having oh my god see
that's obvious a totally unique zombie
zone that's cool and special and now
it's gone and that would fade it away
yeah just return back to where we
started wait a minute not go around in
circles here wait a minute come on you
silly nilly 'he's of all of us
yeah it's called good be playing okay I
never heard of her you make me smile
into it every day of my life
does that give the dirt give the
developers commentary on this game
developers this couch doesn't look like
it's like double this couch doesn't just
cut you doesn't look like it this couch
don't look I don't want it you know I
mean is that a big piece of feedback
that's that is a huge that's that's like
over yeah oh we got below
you didn't [__] hit me we got bloated
up yeah I'm gonna tuck myself in this
corner and let you guys do all the work
oh I'm covered in [__] Wallflower
Chris I'm running the party yet again
sorry okay I'll take it seriously I know
people don't like it when I might do
that
some guys popped out of the pantry and
got me a classic story wrong [__] way
dude no you can't tell me that now yes I
could okay okay Zach come here drop down
this whole thing we made it we made it
to the glorious outdoors what happens I
shoot this car right now don't do don't
do it now that's just me you can shoot
that one see I don't want to lie never
lies Lois we do APA what - what's really
sweet lady lets me watch bad movies he
lets me jump up and down keys to your
mom's boyfriend's problem once it's
after 8:00 o'clock all right I next you
deadly shoot those zombies are kind of
stupid
no man outsmarted zombie in one second I
would say wait a minute wait a minute be
college joke there I heard you such a
puzzled you sounded like you were I
walked out to the edge and looked at the
abyss and you pulled back yeah I can't
believe you the abyss looks back into
you
Oh God I got Jackie turd there Hunter
yeah let's just run down here oh no we
can't Oh
why accident zombies in my way now
well that's the actually compelling
point I agree I couldn't do it from far
away I'm sorry oh my god how did that
take so long because every time I was
tried to a well I was getting hit from
behind it was like [__] myabe up but
I kept coming oh I was trying to help I
was so far I couldn't hit you don't
let's just get moving come on this is
the first friggin level of left4dead
we're not gonna lose faith in us
Homer when we purposefully lose like
this the audience lols and rubs their
belly Zack Zack come down the stairs
we're basically the batteries looked at
the bottom of it and it just died it
just didn't work for about 30 seconds
rock you know what I like the music of
this game thanks man I made it all
myself you did that yep weekend actually
well then who mixed it happy to do that
also
okay well then what's the compressor do
makes it sound like good stuff that is
true okay what does equalizer do see see
you catch people questions cuz I was
right now what does the equalizer do
what is reverb do you make society even
better even more better than a win over
[__] what does the back Eliezer do
answer me that
yeah a bad boy sir yeah bath Eliezer
what do I know
I noticed an obvious a belong to the
bath party ba and I believe spelled baa
just very while you stupid ass oh and I
think I think there's an apostrophe kind
of in the middle between the two ways I
think kind of like BAM you know MA ' am
bill and you got it all right we believe
all right he's
that's a hundred yeah
sorry that we do it's alright I'm just
kind of pissed off that I'll never
forgive you at a hold of a dinner for
ever but I'm fine
well okay our boy what does the pencil
do look man I don't know everything in
this world all right sorry
yeah I don't mean to put you on the spot
it's okay I just wanted to see how much
you truly like how knowledgeable you are
on random it's like Who Wants to Be a
Millionaire is just random you know I
splattered you hey I got the train you
guys don't worry
hey wait tomorrow you're pretty sick
dude where are you no no I got it
Oh something smoking Oh dick Oh tanks
here where's that Molotov where's that
silly little feller
oh god that's bad you guys see that
whose toes are those [__] video the
bucket chip hit alright Zach we saved
you thank you hey stop eating that
concrete me know there was a zombie over
here you can eat whatever you want
thank you this is America should
building coaches munching on the cement
I love it in games when you can run it
through a window like that
uh you guys want to heal up before we
open that door you probably should by 20
I have 26 oh I think I'm gonna stand
here though
anybody that a month um I know I have no
explosive as well we got to be here that
beautiful cry which with the mask you
know
pihl's over here yeah grab some pills
and we'll throw this over here let's put
this over yeah let's do it
do those things when zombies start
running through what things there's the
gas canisters I just put over here shoot
that one I think the most organized we
have ever been come in here's that come
in okay we're protected from Oh God
guys look the creeper behind to home
well at least these zombies are dying
organizing was the worst idea we've ever
had again thank you for [__] birdy
meet Chris you're a [__] bully summer
that was so mean of you just put me on
blast dog I hear a little witch crying
next door I'll bless you really hard bye
I really do want to see a tow bar versus
Chris epic Rap Battles of History so
where's the International mystery letter
though epic Rap Battles of History tomar
versus Chris who needs a health
Tomer okay you see that review with the
1950s criminal and all of his answers
just goes all right sure that's right
okay that's what you guys keeps good
that's right so you're a criminal is
that it that's right that's what he says
remedy it so good they say it's a more
boys do that's right sure criminals are
always like the coolest [__] people
y'all come I should do an some water I
don't care what crime they committed oh
it's that [__] out here
well I heard a boom burglar there he is
in the background actually don't know
where that which is but I don't hear it
I think she was in the building or okay
there's a boom just look out for that
car with the lights on
yes sir all right stop doing that you
beautiful little oh oh oh you big smoker
oh this is running this building and
it's the end of the level I wish I would
have listened to me better your inner
voice is very important it's your little
conscience you're Jiminy Cricket sound
like Zak come inside mr. burden come on
silly Billy
sounds like you Zack and I hated don't
wear how red is your face right now
towards face is just a sign I have
reconstruction that's not what your
bubbling veiny rosacea tells me he's
growing boils into popping you're the
reason I know what that's called is
because I have it what is it I have it
God it's when your veins are close to
the surface of your face so you can have
a look at perpetually red face oh that
was just called being Irish this way
there's so many pink [__] Irish
people this run guys run run run no
wrong way
hey what's in here oh no oh you need to
get it come on that's what's in here
okay yeah this sucks
Oh at least it seems to be tough okay
caught on that doorway that's not gonna
help the light okay you go a little tike
dizzy multi-table oh if someone got it I
don't like it sorry I thought you don't
want it no it's fine I'm glad that your
whole life so you went up and you looked
at it and he backed away
you kind of did sad never want to see
that thing in my life again bird you
stuck out your tongue you would exactly
the smoker sound we go we're on a cherry
popper a cherry pop they're playing
jungle music we need to run out of here
[Music]
just like that it's Jumanji music I
really loved the first Jumanji movie are
we dropping down this hole is that yeah
yeah yeah we're going down there
silly zombies oh thank you there we go
I love this is easy
yeah I feel like this give me this a lot
easier to the ii gave definitely right
cuz there's not as many things that jump
on you it's one thing and then kind of
another thing like the doorbell zombies
are a little bit easier to kill there
that is of all right Zach let's let's
stop defending this room they've clearly
ditched come down here come here
where oh god my poor life why are you
holding that come down here what the
come on okay the smoker game you go here
we go come on boy
is it just me here's this game kind of
uh go on perfect I don't have any cool
pipe bomb very dude oh give your pipe
baby a clitoris what's what's your
what's your favorite pipe bomb you ever
made just completely got away from me I
don't know why you were following oh
[__] come here
oh you're safe little slimy little gooey
guy slime our I'll protect you these
Jets actually wash wash the boomers usov
no that would be cool I already killed a
lot of these guys that really from this
little thing is telling me there's a
pipe bomb nearby oh here is like a sixth
sense he has Tori's a pipe bomb sniffing
dog my pipe bomb sniffing algorithm this
hole okay we ready do we go to this
thing yep let's go oh god there's a
million things down here
what's this blue bow no guy oh my god
ooh nice thank you no problem
saved by the Lyle I hear which I hear
which Kweli quick yeah
wailing hood just me or is this game
like way darker than the second one
it is a choked up by brightness all the
way a hundred percent orders the thing
we can see it's still dark oh wait no we
don't it's like having cat's eyes just
like you have in real life you're my
real-life cat's eyes that I got
surgically transplant you're a witch in
here oh [__] oh don't shoot that do not
shoot this completely wrecked okay well
are you dead
yeah I got I got absolutely destroyed
and Lee less than a second it was crazy
you literally just disappeared I know I
got boomed on and I got dragged away by
a smoker into a ton of zombies I wish I
wish I could have helped you
Delmar come on I'm just trying to find
the [__] around me now that's the [__]
that killed me I got him
all right tomar now present present yeah
yeah you guys know when you get the
chance to you're at the end just go up
there and run to the [__] safe room
all right tell mark come on we're doing
it run into that gas there you go oh no
are you kidding me just wait
come on just get the book oh my god oh
you just go I can't believe they threw a
tank at you at the end like that it was
funny